Minutes tlt 12 November 2024 (#193)
ESMValGroup/Community: Tech Lead/Minutes/20241112.md

# Technical Lead Development Team call 12 November 2024

## Participants

- Attendees: @schlunma @bouweandela @rbeucher @valeriupredoi @charles-turner-1
- Absentees: @flicj191 @ehogan @sloosvel
- Chair: @valeriupredoi
- Minutes taker: @valeriupredoi

## Action Items

| Meeting | Assignees | Item | Status |
|-|-|-|-|
|2024-10-01| @ehogan | Open an Issue or Discussion item about geospatial benchmark suite | **Done**: [ESMValTool: Discussion #3764: Would we like to help create a geospatial benchmark suite?](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/discussions/3764)
|2024-08-13| all | Review [RTW pull request](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/pull/3210) | pending |

> 

Reviewer: It looks like a couple of action items are missing, i.e. the `pending` ones from the [previous meeting](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/Community/discussions/192#discussioncomment-11206252). We did discuss those, right?

Author: aye, good spot, added them in ea181ae3906839b0e258526918982e207515a4f6 :beer:

Reviewer: Thanks! But since we discussed them and decided they were done, should we mark them as such?

Author: cheers, bud :beer:

# Technical Lead Development Team call 12 November 2024

## Participants

- Attendees: @schlunma @bouweandela @rbeucher @valeriupredoi @charles-turner-1
- Absentees: @flicj191 @ehogan @sloosvel
- Chair: @valeriupredoi
- Minutes taker: @valeriupredoi

## Action Items

| Meeting | Assignees | Item | Status |
|-|-|-|-|

> |2024-08-13|@bouweandela @schlunma|[Variable derivation for ERA5 in the fix](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValCore/issues/1806)|pending|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|2024-08-13|@bouweandela @schlunma|[Variable derivation for ERA5 in the fix](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValCore/issues/1806)|done|
```

> |2024-09-03|all|Brainstorm possible topics for new ESiWACE computational performance improvement proposal (call will be published [here](https://www.esiwace.eu/services/software-support), likely towards the end of the year)|pending|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|2024-09-03|all|Brainstorm possible topics for new ESiWACE computational performance improvement proposal (call will be published [here](https://www.esiwace.eu/services/software-support), likely in spring 2025)|pending|
```
